Drop 'reverse proxy' language (#9746)
aspnet/Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/index.md

* Loads the [.NET Core runtime](https://github.com/dotnet/coreclr).
* Uses the first command-line argument as the path to the managed binary that contains the entry point (`Main`) and begins code execution.

> The `Main` method invokes [WebHost.CreateDefaultBuilder](xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.WebHost.CreateDefaultBuilder*), which follows the [builder pattern](https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Builder_pattern) to create a web host. The builder has methods that define a web server (for example, <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.WebHostBuilderKestrelExtensions.UseKestrel*>) and the startup class (<xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.WebHostBuilderExtensions.UseStartup*>). In the preceding example, the [Kestrel](xref:fundamentals/servers/kestrel) web server is automatically allocated. ASP.NET Core's web host attempts to run on [Internet Information Services (IIS)](https://www.iis.net/), if available. Other web servers, such as [HTTP.sys](xref:fundamentals/servers/httpsys), can be used by invoking the appropriate extension method. `UseStartup` is explained further in the next section.

Reviewer: Since sections could move around at some point, replace "next section" with a link to that particular section.

## Servers

The ASP.NET Core hosting model doesn't directly listen for requests. The hosting model relies on an HTTP server implementation to forward the request to the app.

ASP.NET Core provides the following server implementations:

* [Kestrel](xref:fundamentals/servers/kestrel) is a managed, cross-platform web server. Kestrel is often run behind a production web server in a reverse proxy configuration, such as [IIS](https://www.iis.net/), [Nginx](http://nginx.org), or [Apache](https://httpd.apache.org/). Kestrel can also be run as a public-facing edge server exposed directly to the Internet in ASP.NET Core 2.0 or later.

> * IIS HTTP Server (`IISHttpServer`) is an [IIS in-process server](xref:fundamentals/servers/aspnet-core-module#in-process-hosting-model) that converts IIS native requests into ASP.NET Core managed requests for further processing by the the app.

Reviewer 2: IIS HTTP Server (`IISHttpServer`) is an [IIS in-process server](xref:fundamentals/servers/aspnet-core-module#in-process-hosting-model) ~~that converts IIS native requests into ASP.NET Core managed requests for further processing by the the app.~~ that only runs with IIS.

Author: I can strike that bit, but "**IIS** in-process server" already says that it's for IIS. It prob can say ...

> IIS HTTP Server (`IISHttpServer`) is a server that only runs with IIS in-process deployments.

or

> IIS HTTP Server (`IISHttpServer`) is an IIS in-process server.

I like the 2nd one better ... *short and sweet*.

## Servers

The ASP.NET Core hosting model doesn't directly listen for requests. The hosting model relies on an HTTP server implementation or processing layer to forward the request to the app.

> ASP.NET Core provides the following implementations:

Reviewer 3: Where's HttpSysServer?

* [Kestrel](xref:fundamentals/servers/kestrel) is a managed, cross-platform web server. Kestrel is often run behind a production web server in a reverse proxy configuration, such as [IIS](https://www.iis.net/), [Nginx](http://nginx.org), or [Apache](https://httpd.apache.org/). Kestrel can also be run as a public-facing edge server exposed directly to the Internet in ASP.NET Core 2.0 or later.

> * IIS HTTP Server (`IISHttpServer`) is a request processing layer (not a true server) that converts native requests into managed requests when hosting an app [in-process with Windows IIS]((xref:fundamentals/servers/aspnet-core-module#in-process-hosting-model).

Reviewer 3: That distinction is way to specific for our docs. How about "is an IIS in-process ASP.NET Core server..."

## Servers

The ASP.NET Core hosting model doesn't directly listen for requests. The hosting model relies on an HTTP server implementation to forward the request to the app.

ASP.NET Core provides the following server implementations:

> * [Kestrel](xref:fundamentals/servers/kestrel) is a managed, cross-platform web server. Kestrel is often run behind a production web server in a reverse proxy configuration, such as [IIS](https://www.iis.net/), [Nginx](http://nginx.org), or [Apache](https://httpd.apache.org/). Kestrel can also be run as a public-facing edge server exposed directly to the Internet in ASP.NET Core 2.0 or later.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* [Kestrel](xref:fundamentals/servers/kestrel) is a managed, cross-platform web server. Kestrel is often run in a reverse proxy configuration using [IIS](https://www.iis.net/), [Nginx](http://nginx.org), or [Apache](https://httpd.apache.org/). Kestrel can also be run as a public-facing edge server exposed directly to the Internet in ASP.NET Core 2.0 or later.
```

> * [Kestrel](xref:fundamentals/servers/kestrel) is a managed, cross-platform web server. Kestrel is often run behind a production web server in a reverse proxy configuration, such as [IIS](https://www.iis.net/), [Nginx](http://nginx.org), or [Apache](https://httpd.apache.org/). Kestrel can also be run as a public-facing edge server exposed directly to the Internet in ASP.NET Core 2.0 or later.

Reviewer: Introduce the 3 OS tabs here. The macOS and Linux tabs would only contain Kestrel. The Windows tab would contain all 3 options. That makes things easier to scan for macOS and Linux customers. The best part is that the reader's OS is the default selected tab.
